[DOCS] Updates saved objects & other docs (#139328)
elastic/kibana: docs/management/managing-saved-objects.asciidoc

[[managing-saved-objects]]
== Saved Objects

> Copy, edit, delete, import, and export the objects you have saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy, edit, delete, import, and export your saved dashboards, visualizations, maps, {data-sources}, *Canvas* workpads, and other saved objects.
```

These objects include dashboards, visualizations,

> maps, data views, Canvas workpads, and much more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

To get started, open the main menu, and then click *Stack Management > Saved Objects*.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/management-saved-objects.png[Saved Objects]

[float]
=== Required permissions

> The `Saved Objects Management` {kib} privilege is required to access *Saved Objects*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access *Saved Objects*, you must have the required `Saved Objects Management` {kib} privilege.
```

[[managing-saved-objects-export-objects]]
=== Import and export

> Move objects between

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have multiple environments for development and production, you can import and export saved objects between
```

> {kib} instances with import and export. These actions are useful when you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{kib} instances.
```

> have multiple environments for development and production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Import and export also work well when you have a large number
of objects to update and want to batch the process.

{kib} also provides <<saved-objects-api-import, import>> and
<<saved-objects-api-export, export>> APIs to automate this process.

[float]
==== Import

Import multiple objects in a single operation.

. In the toolbar, click *Import*.
. Select the NDJSON file that

> represents the objects to import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
includes the objects you want to import.
```

. Select the import options. By default,
saved objects already in {kib} are overwritten.
. Click *Import*.

NOTE: The <<savedObjects-maxImportExportSize, `savedObjects.maxImportExportSize`>> configuration setting
limits the number of saved objects to include in the file. The
<<savedObjects-maxImportPayloadBytes, `savedObjects.maxImportPayloadBytes`>> setting limits the overall
size of the file that you can import.

[float]
==== Export

Export objects by selection or type.

> * To export specific objects, select their checkboxes in the table, and then click *Export*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To export specific objects, select them in the table, and then click *Export*.
```

* To export objects by type, click *Export x objects* in the toolbar.

{kib} creates an NDJSON with all your saved objects. By default, the NDJSON includes child objects related to the saved

> objects. Exported dashboards include their associated data views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
objects. Exported dashboards include their associated {data-sources}.
```

NOTE: The <<savedObjects-maxImportExportSize, `savedObjects.maxImportExportSize`>> configuration setting
limits the number of saved objects that you can export.

[float]
==== Compatibility across versions

With each release, {kib} introduces changes to the way saved objects are stored.
When importing a saved object, {kib} runs the necessary migrations to ensure
that the imported saved objects are compatible with the current version.

However, saved objects can only be imported into the same version,
a newer minor on the same major, or the next major.
Exported saved objects are not backward compatible and cannot be imported

> into an older version of {kib}. The following table shows some examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into an older version of {kib}. For example:
```

| 6.8.1 | 7.3.0 | Yes
| 7.3.0 | 7.11.1 | Yes
| 7.11.1 | 7.6.0 | No
| 6.8.1 | 8.0.0 | No
|=======

[float]
[role="xpack"]
[[managing-saved-objects-copy-to-space]]
=== Copy to other {kib} spaces

Copy saved objects and their related objects between spaces.

. Click the actions icon image:images/actions_icon.png[Actions icon].
. Click *Copy to spaces*.
. Select the spaces in which to copy the object.
. Specify whether to automatically overwrite any objects that already exist
in the target spaces, or resolve them on a per-object basis.
+
The copy operation automatically includes child objects that are related to
the saved object. If you don't want this behavior, use
the <<spaces-api-copy-saved-objects, copy saved objects to space API>> instead.

[float]
[role="xpack"]
[[managing-saved-objects-share-to-space]]
=== Share to other {kib} spaces

Make a single saved object available in multiple spaces.

. Click the actions icon
image:images/actions_icon.png[Actions icon].
. Select *Share to spaces*.
. Select the spaces in which to share the object.
Or, indicate that you want the object to be shared to _all spaces_,
which includes those that exist now and any created in the future.
+

> Not all saved object types are shareable. If an object is shareable, the Spaces column shows which spaces it exists in. You can click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not all saved object types are shareable. If an object is shareable, the *Spaces* column shows where the object exists. You can click
```
